Add gcp plugin (#36)
cycloidio/docker-cycloid-toolkit: README.md

  * `(ANSIBLE_PLUGIN_AZURE_PLAIN_HOST_NAMES)`: By default this plugin will use globally unique host names. This option allows you to override that, and use the name that matches the old inventory script naming.. Default: `False`.
  note: Ansible `azure_rm` plugin is used for ansible `>= 2.8` else `azure_rm.py` script will be used

gcp_compute vars:

>   * `(GCP_INVENTORY)`: If the GCP dynamic inventory need to be used or no, can be eiter `true`, `false` or `auto`. `auto` checks if `GCP_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_CONTENTS` is set or not. Default: `auto`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `(GCP_INVENTORY)`: If the GCP dynamic inventory needs to be used or not, can be either `true`, `false` or `auto`. `auto` checks if `GCP_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_CONTENTS` is set or not. Default: `auto`.
```

same for the similar azure and ec2 vars above.
